# DynGraph-Project
Project for the IA/ML for network modeling course

Author of the code and the report : Thomas MICHEL
********
The present practical work consists in the analysis of different properties of mobile networks and the comparison of these properties with evolving graphs models. The two datasets that are used are RollerNet and Infocom06.
********
## Repository composition
- main.py compiles all the computations that were asked in the first part of the suject including file formating, plotting some of the graph properties and generating an edge-Markovian model. There is an option at the beginning of the file to activate the generation of new models. The models from past runs remains present in the data/ folder and will be used if the option is turned off. The exercises should be independants except for the first one which is used later in the code.
- utils.py contains the code for reading, writing, formatting and plotting the data.
- graph_analysis.py contains the computation for the implemented metrics
- model_generation.py contains the code for the generation of the implemented models
- The data/ folder contains the data of the experiment used in this practical work. The dat generated by main.py are also saved in this folder
********
## Run the code
To run the code of the project one should install the requirement listed in requirement.txt .
Make sure to check the variable `generate_new_models` contains the desired value at the beginning of the main.py script and then execute `python3 main.py` in a terminal. 

NB : The script pause until all the current plots are closed